---
layout: downloadpage
permalink: /downloads/GameGain-2,8,27,2007/
name: GameGain 2.8.27.2007
file_type: download
title: GameGain 2.8.27.2007
description: >-
  An utility that helps you boost your computer speed the easy way and make games faster
tags: [System Tweak]
category: Tweak
sort_order: 100
rating: 100
changefreq: monthly
priority: 0.5
published: true
create_date: 
modified_date: 03/11/2017
created_by: 
modified_by: 
comments: true
redirect_url: 
### 
version:  2.8.27.2007
size: 843 KB
downloadurl: http://www.pgware.com/downloads/gamegain.exe
response: 200
by: 
by_link: 
licence: Trial 
os: Windows
---

{% include download-header.html download=page%}

<p style="fix-download-text !important">
<p><font size="2"><p>GameGainis a tool that optimizes your system s performance and makes your gamesrun better. Based off our popular PCMedik software GameGaindifferentiates itself by focusing entirely on gaming performanceupgrades only. <br />
<br />
Playing computer games that run entirely too slow or show poorperformance? GameGain attempts to solve such problems and at the sametime increase computing performance. <br />
<br />
GameGain boosts your computer gaming performance by modifying severalsystem settings, so you can now use that old computer or new computerof yours as your primary gaming station. No installation ormodification needs to be made to your hardware, GameGain does all thecomplicated settings for you instantly. <br />
<br />
GameGain works on all 32 bit platforms of Windows. From Windows 95 upto the latest Windows XP you will enjoy the benefits that GameGain willbring. <br />
<br />
Simply choose your operating system, select the processor type you reusing and then choose the speed setting you want and hit the GO button and you will notice performance increases for gaming that yourcomputer has never seen before. <br />
<br />
We wont promise that GameGain will do wonders and make your computerwork at astronomical speeds, but you will notice your computer workingmuch smoother and overall performance greatly improved.<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Here are some key features of "GameGain":</strong></span><br />
<br />
Makes direct changes to system registry and system files to enhancememory, screen drawing, animations, refresh rates, cpu threadingspeeds. <br />
Automatically adjusts settings and changes made based on computerspecifications, complete fault tolerance system implemented. <br />
Proven technology which can double the frames per second rate in games such as id Software s DOOM 3 and similar shooters. <br />
Deep system analyzer and diagnostic features which attempt to findand repair any potential problems with the computer affecting itsperformance. <br />
Advanced software based over-clocking features to enhance memory and cpu priorities. <br />
Easy and intuitive user interface which performs all setting changes immediately. <br />
Try before you buy licensing with FREE lifetime upgrades and quality technical support. <br />
<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Requirements:</strong></span><br />
<br />
Microsoft Internet Explorer 4 or higher<br />
Intel Pentium 90 MHz or higher<br />
8 Mb RAM (32 Mb recommended)<br />
5 Mb hard disk space<br />
VGA or higher resolution monitor<br />
Mouse or other pointing device<br />
<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Limitations:</strong></span><br />
<br />
28 days trial<br />
</p>
<div class="celltext_big"><br />
<br />
<strong>What s New</strong> in This Release:<br />
<br />
Fixed problem where software was not loading correctly on somecomputers. Also updated software installer to newer version to fixminor installation bugs.</div></p></p>
