---
layout: downloadpage
permalink: /downloads/jv16-PowerTools-2007-1,7,0,413/
name: jv16 PowerTools 2007 1.7.0.413
file_type: download
title: jv16 PowerTools 2007 1.7.0.413
description: >-
  jv16 PowerTools is a tool to control your many aspects of your computer
tags: [Registry Tweak]
category: Tweak
sort_order: 100
rating: 100
changefreq: monthly
priority: 0.5
published: true
create_date: 
modified_date: 03/11/2017
created_by: 
modified_by: 
comments: true
redirect_url: 
### 
version:  1.7.0.413
size: 2.37 MB
downloadurl: http://www.macecraft.com/downloads/jv16pt_setup.exe
response: 302
by: 
by_link: 
license: Trial 
os: Windows
---

{% include download-header.html download=page%}

<p style="fix-download-text !important">
<p><font size="2"><p>jv16PowerTools is a complete toolkit to maximize the performance of any PC.With a user base comprising several million downloads, the program isused by both home and power users as well helpdesk and supportpersonnel around the globe. <br />
<br />
jv16 PowerTools will optimize many aspects of your computer.<br />
<br />
jv16 PowerTools allows users to remove all traces of previouslyuninstalled software, to clean the computer s Windows registry foroptimal performance and stability, and to fix many registry-basedproblems with a single mouse click. <br />
<br />
The ultra-streamlined multilingual user interface allows the software to be used in all major languages, whileautomatic backup and safety features make the program very safe to use.<br />
<br />
Macecraft products are not packed with flashy graphics or elaborateuser interfaces –. only the most powerful range of no-nonsense PC toolson the market. <br />
<br />
<span><strong>Here are some key features of "jv16 PowerTools":</strong></span><br />
<br />
Finally remove software you thought you had removed ages ago<br />
Clean your computer s registry for optimal performance and stability<br />
Fix many registry based problems with a single mouse click<br />
Find and remove unneeded files which are only wasting your hard-disk space<br />
Monitor what goes on inside your computer<br />
Multi-lingual user interface, you can use the program in all the major languages<br />
Very extensive and easy to follow documentation<br />
Automatic backup and safety features help you to use the program as risk free as possible!<br />
<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Limitations:</strong></span><br />
<br />
This download is a free 30-day trial, it has all the features as thefull version and it doesn t contain any nag screens nor advertisements.<br />
</p>
<div class="celltext_big"><br />
<br />
<strong>What s New</strong> in This Release:<br />
<br />
Fixed a bug that caused the product not to start properly on certain system. <br />
Improved the overall startup time of the product. <br />
Fixed a bug from the registry cleaner engine that caused the MRU scanmodule to list non-MRU items as errors. However, the bug only occurredon a very special sets of data, therefore the bug is not considered tobe very serious. <br />
Fixed a bug from the Duplicate File Finder that caused the tool sometime to hang.... [ &lt;</div></p></p>
