---
layout: downloadpage
permalink: /downloads/MAME-0,118/
name: MAME 0.118
file_type: download
title: MAME 0.118
description: >-
  MAME stands for Multiple Arcade Machine Emulator and recognizes over six thousand game ROM sets.
tags: [Miscellaneous]
category: Others
sort_order: 100
rating: 100
changefreq: monthly
priority: 0.5
published: false
create_date:
modified_date: 03/11/2017
created_by:
modified_by:
comments: true
redirect_url:
###
version:  0.118
size: 6.63 MB
downloadurl: http://mbnet.fi/~gridle/mame0118b.exe
response: 302
by:
by_link:
licence: Freeware
os: Windows
---

{% include download-header.html download=page%}

<p style="fix-download-text !important">
<p><font size="2"><p>MAMEstands for Multiple Arcade Machine Emulator. When used in conjunctionwith an arcade game s data files (ROMs), MAME will more or lessfaithfully reproduce that game on a PC. <br />
<br />
MAME can currently emulate over 3000 unique (and over 5400 in total)classic arcade video games from the three decades of video games - 70s, 80s and 90s, and even some from the current millennium. <br />
<br />
The ROM images that MAME utilizes are "dumped" from arcade games original circuit-board ROM chips. MAME becomes the "hardware" for thegames, taking the place of their original CPUs and support chips.Therefore, these games are NOT simulations, but the actual, originalgames that appeared in arcades. <br />
<br />
MAME s purpose is to preserve these decades of video-game history. Asgaming technology continues to rush forward, MAME prevents theseimportant "vintage" games from being lost and forgotten. <br />
<br />
This is achieved by documenting the hardware and how it functions,thanks to the talent of programmers from the MAME team and from othercontributors. Being able to play the games is just a nice side-effect,which doesn t happen all the time. MAME strives for emulating the gamesfaithfully. <br />
<br />
Even though MAME allows people to enjoy the long-lost arcade games andeven some newer ones, the main purpose of the project is to documentthe hardware (and software) of the arcade games. <br />
<br />
There are already many dead arcade boards, whose function has beenbrought to life in MAME. Being able to play the games is just a niceside-effect. <br />
<br />
MAME as an emulation program is also pretty simple and easy-to-use.<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Requirements:</strong></span><br />
<br />
Intel Celeron / AMD Duron 1000 MHz <br />
128 - 256 MB RAM <br />
a varying amount of hard drive space (a complete MAME ROM set wouldtake over forty gigabytes, but most individual ROM sets are quitesmall) <br />
DirectX (Windows version) or VESA 2.0+ (DOS version) compatible graphics card <br />
Any sound card that works in Windows (Windows version) or Sound Blaster compatible sound card (DOS version) <br />
</p>
<div class="celltext_big"><br />
<br />
<strong>What s New</strong> in This Release:<br />
<br />
Added save state support to bzone.c games. <br />
Fixed missing sound in Leprechaun.<br />
Fixed some bugs involving empty or null ROM regions.<br />
Fixed potential crash in speglsht driver.<br />
Changed the 6532riot code to split r6532_init into r6532_init and r6532_reset. <br />
Fixed CPS3 code to be big-endian friendly.<br />
Added alpha blending effects to the CPS driver and improved sprite positioning.<br />
Moved "Pandora" sprite chip implementation to its own file. UpdatedSnow Bros, Air Buster, DJ Boy and Heavy Unit to use ths new genericimplementation. <br />
Fixed regression in segasyse driver.<br />
Reverted patch to the 6526CIA as it was causing issues with Amiga/ Arcadia emulation.<br />
Deduced a few more opcodes for gussun. The game now boots and you can coin up. <br />
Fixed regression in vmetal and tatsumi drivers.<br />
Fixed Taito version of chinhero<br />
Simplified code in tms9928 video system<br />
Fixed ROL opcode in the 68000 emulator<br />
Cleaned up tiny MAME target.<br />
Fixed regression in Exidy sounds<br />
Improved accuracy of mame_timer_scale_up.<br />
Rotated the mame_rand() results by 16 bits to reduce periodicity of the resuls.<br />
Fixed winalloc.c to be thread-sa</div></p></p>
