---
layout: downloadpage
permalink: /downloads/Oubliette-1,9,4/
name: Oubliette 1.9.4
file_type: download
title: Oubliette 1.9.4
description: >-
  Highly secure and functional password manager. Open source
tags: [Password Managers]
category: Security
sort_order: 100
rating: 100
changefreq: monthly
priority: 0.5
published: true
create_date: 
modified_date: 03/11/2017
created_by: 
modified_by: 
comments: true
redirect_url: 
### 
version: 1.9.4
size: 1.11 MB
downloadurl: http://www.tranglos.com/free/files/oubsetup.exe
response: 200
by: 
by_link: 
licence: Freeware
os: Windows
---

{% include download-header.html download=page%}

<p style="fix-download-text !important">
<p><font size="2"><p>Oubliette allows you to store a list of accounts with information suchas account name, associated password, URL, and free-form notes in anencrypted, password protected database. <br />
<br />
You can easily access the information, copy to clipboard or export to avariety of formats (text, HTML, comma-separated or Windows INI). <br />
<br />
Also inclluded is a powerful search facility with filtered output (i.e.view only the records that satisfy your search criteria). You canassign custom categories to accounts, generate random passwords,auto-expire accounts and much more. <br />
<br />
The program allows you to maintain multiple database files if need,each can contain an unlimited number of entries. It also supportscustomizable import options, allowing you to import existing data froma variety of formats. Oubliette supports the Blowfish and Ideaencryption algorithms.<br />
<br />
<span class="articleDetailsLink"><strong>Features:</strong></span><br />
<br />
One-click add or edit account <br />
Quickly access any account from a drop-down box or using an Explorer-like list interface <br />
Copy or drag-and-drop passphrase (or other information) to clipboard <br />
Passphrases copied to clipboard are protected from being captured by clipboard extenders <br />
Place program icon in system tray <br />
Ability to fill HTML forms in web browsers (Username and Password fields) <br />
Easy operation with either keyboard or mouse <br />
Add notes and memos to each account <br />
Highlighted, clickable hyperlinks in memos <br />
QuickFind toolbar and other flexible search tools <br />
Ability to sort accounts by several criteria <br />
Automatically save and backup the password file <br />
Automatically hide account information if the program has not beenused for a specified period of time. (Optionally minimize programand/or unload the password file) <br />
Ability to merge password files <br />
Ability to launch web browser or email</a> client using URL information stored in an account <br />
Passphrases and usernames may be obscured with asterisks in any view they are displayed <br />
Random passphrase generator with configurable character weights or based on user-defined templates <br />
Option to automatically clear clipboard after a predefined period(protects passwords from being snooped after having been copied toclipboard) <br />
Group accounts in configurable categories (both names and icons can be customized) <br />
Powerful search <br />
Maintain expiry dates for passwords <br />
Export to a variety of formats (plain text, HTML, comma-separatedvalues or Windows INI file). When exporting to plain text or HTML,Oubliete can use a user-defined template to format the output preciselyas desired. <br />
Import account data from files generated by other password managers <br />
Encrypt or decrypt arbitrary external files <br />
Configurable activation hotkey to bring the program window to front after it was minimized to the system tray <br />
Modern, sleek interface <br />
"Balloon tips" provide notification about important events without interrupting your work <br />
Automatic installation and deinstallation <br />
Help file included. <br />
<br />
<br />
Oubliette uses secure, mathematically strong ciphers to protect yourdata against unaythorized access. A typical use for a password manageris to store passwords, credit card numbers, and other small, secretpieces of information. <br />
<br />
This relieves you from having to remember all those passwords, at thecost of having to remember just one: the password used to access yourOubliette file. <strong>Donot lose the main access password. It will not be possible to open thefile and access your data without the correct, original password.</strong> Please consider this very seriously.</p></p></p>
