---
layout: downloadpage
permalink: /downloads/PCMedik-6,8,27,2007/
name: PCMedik 6.8.27.2007
file_type: download
title: PCMedik 6.8.27.2007
description: >-
  An application that helps you modify your PC  s settings to increase performance and prevent crashes
tags: [System Tweak]
category: Tweak
sort_order: 100
rating: 100
changefreq: monthly
priority: 0.5
published: true
create_date: 
modified_date: 03/11/2017
created_by: 
modified_by: 
comments: true
redirect_url: 
### 
version:  6.8.27.2007
size: 846 KB
downloadurl: http://www.pgware.com/downloads/pcmedik.exe
response: 200
by: 
by_link: 
licence: Trial 
os: Windows
---

{% include download-header.html download=page%}

<p style="fix-download-text !important">
<p><font size="2"><p>PCMedik is a program that will allow you to modify your computer s settings to have a better performance and prevent crashes.<br />
<br />
<br />
No modifications to your hardware are made and all adjustments andsettings are done in an easy to use interface that a child could use.Most other cpu/computer enhancers promise that they work while younotice no difference at all in performance.<br />
<br />
PCMedik on the other hand has been tried and tested and proven to work.Are you tired of working on a class paper for school and all of asudden your computer crashes? Or your running a web server</a> and notice your server</a> keeps crashing? <br />
<br />
PCMedik not only fixes these errors from occurring it also enhances your computers performance.<br />
<br />
Speed up your Windows environment with this tool, while fixing errorsthat are halting your productivity. You no longer have to put up withcrashes as if they were normal, PCMedik is medicine for your computer.<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Here are some key features of "PcMedik":</strong></span><br />
<br />
Makes direct changes to system registry and system files to enhance memory</a>, screen drawing, animations, refresh rates, cpu threading speeds and security. <br />
Automatically adjusts settings and changes made based on computerspecifications, complete fault tolerance system implemented. <br />
Deep system analyzer and diagnostic features which attempt to findand repair any potential problems with the computer affecting itsperformance. <br />
Advanced software based over-clocking features to enhance memory and cpu priorities. <br />
Easy and intuitive user interface which performs all setting changes immediately.<br />
<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Requirements:</strong></span><br />
<br />
Microsoft Internet Explorer 4 or higher<br />
Intel Pentium 90 MHz or higher<br />
8 Mb RAM (32 Mb recommended)<br />
5 Mb hard disk space<br />
VGA or higher resolution monitor<br />
Mouse or other pointing device<br />
<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Limitations:</strong></span><br />
<br />
28 days trial<br />
</p>
<div class="celltext_big"><br />
<br />
<strong>What s New</strong> in This Release:<br />
<br />
Fixed problem where software was not loading correctly on somecomputers. Also updated software installer to newer version to fixminor installation bugs</div></p></p>
