---
layout: downloadpage
permalink: /downloads/Print2PDF-7,0,07,0803/
name: Print2PDF 7.0.07.0803
file_type: download
title: Print2PDF 7.0.07.0803
description: >-
  An easy Document Conversion to Adobe PDF from any application that can print
tags: [PDF]
category: Office tools
sort_order: 100
rating: 100
changefreq: monthly
priority: 0.5
published: false
create_date: 
modified_date: 03/11/2017
created_by: 
modified_by: 
comments: true
redirect_url: 
### 
version:  7.0.07.0803
size: 13.1 MB
downloadurl: http://download2.software602.com/p2pdf7.exe
response: 404
by: 
by_link: 
licence: Trial 
os: Windows
---

{% include download-header.html download=page%}

<p style="fix-download-text !important">
<p><font size="2"><p>AdobePDF converter (DOC to PDF), creator, writer for Windows. Print2PDF usesprint output for conversion into an Adobe Acrobat compatible PDF file.Choose from multiple page sizes, orientations, watermark / stampinsertion, metadata access and file resolutions (up to 2400 DPI). <br />
Print2PDF is a PDF files converter , printer and encryptor.<br />
<br />
Merge output from different applications into a single PDF. Secure andencrypt PDF documents with 40-bit or 128-bit RC4 encryption and addpassword protection. Control access permissions with low-resolutionprinting and text access for screen reader devices. Easily embed fileattachments into the output PDF. <br />
<br />
Sign documents electronically using a certificate or Digital ID(PKCS#12). Control the metadata information that is saved to a PDFdocument. Easily add a title, subject, author and keywords to quicklyfind the document you need within your document management system. <br />
<br />
Use font embedding and scaling to optimize and control the documentoutlook. Save time and increase your productivity with the Convert2PDFbatch conversion application to quickly convert multiple officedocuments to the Adobe Reader compatible PDF format. <br />
<br />
Convert documents (.DOC ), spreadsheets (.XLS), presentations (.PPT)and web pages (.HTML) in one click. Includes a hyperlink, bookmark andstyle conversion macro for Microsoft Word.<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Here are some key features of "Print2PDF":</strong></span><br />
<br />
PDF/A-1b support for compliance with standards for long term archive<br />
64-bit support for Windows Server 2003 x64 Edition<br />
Windows Vista x64 Edition and Windows XP Professional x64 Edition<br />
web linearization (fast web view)<br />
integration with the Windows Certificate store<br />
custom profiles<br />
embedding of PostScript (Type 1) fonts<br />
CCITT image compression<br />
<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Limitations:</strong></span><br />
<br />
30 days trial<br />
</p>
<div class="celltext_big"><br />
<br />
<strong>What s New</strong> in This Release:<br />
<br />
Added the ability to merge multiple files into one PDF using a profilewith Convert2PDF (e.g. create a profile that uses a default file nameand Automatically merge after last page). <br />
Added the ability to show the complete certificate list using aregistry entry (create DWORDHKCU\Software\Software602\Print602\2001\PDF\SignedPDF_ShowAllCerts orHKLM\Software\Software602\Print602\2001\PDF\SignedPDF_ShowAllCerts andset the value to 1). <br />
Improved the Select certificate dialog to only show certificates that are valid for signing. <br />
Updated the included PDF user manuals. <br />
Fixed an installation issue when upgrading from previous builds (e.g.RegDB: Error 5 writingHKEY_CURRENT_CONFIG\Software\Print2PDF\PrintDisabled (Access denied)). <br />
Fixed a spooler freezing issue on SMP systems (e.g. two Xeon 5160dual-core CPUs) by moving the Print2PDF printer to a local port called‘.Print2PDF’.. <br />
Fixed the Save As dialog to always show in the foreground on x64 operating systems. <br />
Fixed a problem with the Digital ID feature when two or morecertificates have the same ‘.Issued To’. name, only the first certificatewould be used. <br />
Fixed a cosmetic error in the Print2PDF Configuration dialog on Windows XP using the Classic theme. <br />
Fixed the automatic file naming feature (e.g. file.pdf, file001.pdf,file002.pdf) when using a default file name and hiding the Save Asdialog. <br />
Fixed the e-mail error ‘.The send e-mail address is invalid. Pleaseenter a valid e-mail address’. by allowing e-mail addresses withsub-domains (e.g. name@domain.com would work, but name@sub.domain.comwould not). <br />
Fixed the Convert2PDF command-line switch /iniconvert so it will notcrash on folders (e.g. C:\2720\2\Manual.doc would work, but C:\2720\1\3would crash). <br />
Fixed an issue when digitally signing certain encrypted PDF documentsthat would cause the signature to become invalid (error from AdobeReader: ‘.Signature contains incorrect, unrecognized, corrupted orsuspicious data. Support information: SigDict /Contents illegaldata.’.). <br />
Fixed an issue when digitally signing PDF documents with multi-language characters that would cause some fonts to be removed. <br />
Fixed an issue when printing certain OLE linked Microsoft Excel charts from Microsoft Word. <br />
Fixed a dialog error on the Select Certificate dialog using Windows 2000. ..</div></p></p>
