---
layout: downloadpage
permalink: /downloads/Skype-3,5,0,234/
name: Skype 3.5.0.234
file_type: download
title: Skype 3.5.0.234
description: >-
  A telephoning software (VOiP) from the makers of Kazaa
tags: [Fax Telephony]
category: Office tools
sort_order: 100
rating: 100
changefreq: monthly
priority: 0.5
published: false
create_date:
modified_date: 03/11/2017
created_by:
modified_by:
comments: true
redirect_url:
###
version:  3.5.0.234
size: 22.7 MB
downloadurl: http://download.skype.com/SkypeSetup.exe
response: 404
by:
by_link:
licence: Adware
os: Windows
---

{% include download-header.html download=page%}

<p style="fix-download-text !important">
<p><font size="2">Skypeis the next phenomenon from the people who brought you KaZaA. Just likeKaZaA, Skype uses P2P (peer-to-peer) technology to connect you to otherusers –. not to share files this time, but to talk and chat with yourfriends.<br />
<br />
The technology is extremely advanced –. but super simple to use... You’.ll be making free phone calls to your friends in no time!<br />
<br />
Use Skype to give your friends a call and voice chat with them at the highest quality on the market.<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Here are some key features of "Skype":</strong></span><br />
<br />
Make free calls to anyone else on Skype, anywhere in the world <br />
See who you are talking to with free video calls <br />
Chat with up to 100 people in group chats <br />
Conference call with up to four people for free <br />
Call ordinary phones with SkypeOut<br />
Superior sound quality <br />
Works with all firewall, NAT and routers –. nothing to configure! <br />
Friends list shows you when your Skype friends are online and ready to talk or chat <br />
Super-simple and easy to use <br />
Your calls are encrypted “.end-to-end”. in order to safeguard your privacy <br />
Based on cutting edge peer-to-peer technology developed by the creators of Kazaa and Joltid<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Requirements:</strong></span><br />
<br />
Windows XP required for video calls<br />
Internet connection (broadband is best, GPRS is not supported forvoice calls, and results may vary on a satellite connection). <br />
Speakers and microphone —. built-in or separate. <br />
A webcam, if you want to make video calls. <br />
We also recommend that you have at least 400 MHz processor, 128 MB RAM and 15 MB free disk space on your hard drive. </font></p>
<div class="celltext_big"><br />
<br />
<font size="2"><strong>What s New</strong> in This Release:<br />
<br />
Known issue: Skype Extras Manager displays error messages on launching some of the<br />
plug-ins under Windows Limited User account <br />
bugfix: SkypePM.exe crashes on first start after installation <br />
bugfix: Russian language display problems in updater <br />
bugfix: Groups panel stayed open when user was changed <br />
bugfix: Contact list focus was lost when using some toolbar butt</font></div></p>
