---
layout: downloadpage
permalink: /downloads/SuperRam-5,9,10,2007/
name: SuperRam 5.9.10.2007
file_type: download
title: SuperRam 5.9.10.2007
description: >-
  Releases wasted memory and returns it back to you. SuperRam will super-charge your computer  s memory.
tags: [Memory Tweak]
category: Tweak
sort_order: 100
rating: 100
changefreq: monthly
priority: 0.5
published: true
create_date:
modified_date: 03/11/2017
created_by:
modified_by:
comments: true
redirect_url:
###
version:  5.9.10.2007
size: 986 KB
downloadurl: http://www.pgware.com/downloads/superram.exe
response: 200
by:
by_link: http://www.pgware.com
licence: Trial
os: Windows
---

{% include download-header.html download=page%}

<p style="fix-download-text !important">
<p><font size="2"><p>SuperRamis a program will allow you to maintain and manage system s memory thebest way. No modifications to your hardware are made and alladjustments and settings are done in an easy to use interface that achild could use. <br />
<br />
Most `other` Ram/memory modifiers promise that they work while younotice no difference at all in performance. SuperRam on the other handhas been tried and tested and proven to work. <br />
<br />
Are you tired of program crashes or low memory warnings? Or you noticeyour computer performance slowly degrades after a period of time?SuperRam not only fixes these problems from occurring it also enhances your computers performance. <br />
<br />
Keep Windows running longer by using SuperRam. No longer do you have toreboot your computer due to low memory warnings, you choose the amountof memory your computer maintains and SuperRam releases wasted memoryand returns it back to you. SuperRam will super-charge your computer`smemory.<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Here are some key features of "SuperRam":</strong></span><br />
<br />
Optimizes computer memory by freeing wasted memory back to the computer. <br />
Works in the background to free memory to reasonable values to maintain system stability. <br />
Visual representation in system tray which displays computer memory available to the system. <br />
Fully customizable to the settings and preferences you choose. <br />
Easy and intuitive user interface which performs memory optimization in real-time. <br />
<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Requirements:</strong></span><br />
<br />
Microsoft Internet Explorer 4 or higher<br />
Intel Pentium 90 MHz or higher (P 166 MHz recommended)<br />
8 Mb RAM (32 Mb recommended)<br />
5 Mb hard disk space<br />
VGA or higher resolution monitor<br />
Mouse or other pointing device<br />
<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Limitations:</strong></span><br />
<br />
28 days trial<br />
</p>
<div class="celltext_big"><br />
<br />
<strong>What s New</strong> in This Release:<br />
<br />
Updated list of banned serial codes within software to prevent software piracy.</div></p></p>
