---
layout: downloadpage
permalink: /downloads/Throttle-6,9,10,2007/
name: Throttle 6.9.10.2007
file_type: download
title: Throttle 6.9.10.2007
description: >-
  A tool that allows you to modify your modem settings
tags: [Network Information]
category: Tweak
sort_order: 100
rating: 100
changefreq: monthly
priority: 0.5
published: true
create_date:
modified_date: 03/11/2017
created_by:
modified_by:
comments: true
redirect_url:
###
version:  6.9.10.2007
size: 879 KB
downloadurl: http://www.pgware.com/downloads/throttle.exe
response: 200
by:
by_link:
license: Trial
os: Windows
---

{% include download-header.html download=page%}

<p style="fix-download-text !important">
<p><font size="2"><p>Throttleis a tool that will allow you to modify your modem settings to increaseinternet performance! No modifications to your hardware are made andall adjustments and settings are done in an easy to use interface thata child could use.<br />
<br />
Most `other` modem enhancers promise that they work while you notice nodifference at all in internet speed. Throttle on the other hand hasbeen tried and tested and proven to work. <br />
<br />
Whether you use a 14.4/28.8/33.6/56k modem, cable modem, or dsl modem, Throttle will boost your internet connection speed.<br />
<br />
Notice also that Throttle will modify your modem settings to handle those annoying disconnections and hangup`s so they happen less often.You no longer have to putup with downloading a huge file and being disconnected in the middle ofthe transfer.<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Here are some key features of "Throttle":</strong></span><br />
<br />
Makes direct changes to system registry and system files to enhance internet download and upload speeds. <br />
Automatically adjusts settings and changes made based on computer andmodem specifications, complete fault tolerance system implemented. <br />
Compatible with all modem types - Dial-up, DSL, ADSL, Cable, ISDN, and Satellite internet connections. <br />
Enhances both internet transfer speeds as well as local area network speeds. <br />
Easy and intuitive user interface which performs all setting changes immediately. <br />
Try before you buy licensing with FREE lifetime upgrades and quality technical support. <br />
<br />
<span><strong>Requirements:</strong></span><br />
<br />
Microsoft Internet Explorer 4 or higher<br />
Intel Pentium 90 MHz or higher<br />
8 Mb RAM (32 Mb recommended)<br />
5 Mb hard disk space<br />
VGA or higher resolution monitor<br />
Mouse or other pointing device<br />
<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Limitations:</strong></span><br />
<br />
28 days trial<br />
The "fastest" setting is not available in the unregistered version <br />
<br />
</p>
<div class="celltext_big"><br />
<br />
<strong>What s New</strong> in This Release:<br />
<br />
Fixed problem where software was not loading correctly on somecomputers. Also updated software installer to newer version to fixminor installation bugs.</div></p></p>
