---
layout: downloadpage
permalink: /downloads/WebZIP-7,0,3,1030/
name: WebZIP 7.0.3.1030
file_type: download
title: WebZIP 7.0.3.1030
description: >-
  WebZIP - download web pages or entire web sites, including images, sound...etc
tags: [Offline Browsers]
category: Internet
sort_order: 100
rating: 100
changefreq: monthly
priority: 0.5
published: true
create_date: 
modified_date: 03/11/2017
created_by: 
modified_by: 
comments: true
redirect_url: 
### 
version:  7.0.3.1030
size: 1.34 MB
downloadurl: http://www.spidersoft.com/webzip/webzip70_setup.exe
response: 200
by: 
by_link: 
licence: Trial 
os: Windows
---

{% include download-header.html download=page%}

<p style="fix-download-text !important">
<p><font size="2"><p>Download web pages or entire web sites, to your hard drive and then you can browse them offline. <br />
<br />
<br />
WebZIP lets you download web pages or entire Web sites and save themonto your hard drive for much faster offline browsing or as an archiveof your favourite sites. WebZIP lets you save all pages, images, soundsand other media types directly onto your hard disk.<br />
<br />
Downloading and saving the Web information you require is a simple4-step process. This guided tour, will take you through the process ofdownloading a Web site, checking the progress of your download, andviewing the captured Web content quickly offline, even while thedownload is still in progress.<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Here are some </strong><strong>key features of "WebZIP":</strong></span><br />
<br />
<strong>Download Web sites to your hard disk</strong><br />
Use WebZIP to download web pages or entire web sites, including images,sounds and other media files to your hard drive, so you can browse themoffline. <br />
<br />
<strong>Browse offline anywhere, anytime at breakneck speeds</strong><br />
Save reference material, online books, e-zines, news articles and otherWeb content to your hard drive and browse them anywhere, any time -fast!.<br />
Great for taking the Web on the road with you, to a presentation, on aplane or train or anywhere an Internet connection is hard to find.<br />
<br />
<strong>Save your sites to HTML-Help (CHM)</strong><br />
Using the new FAR add-in tool for WebZIP, you can compile your downloaded content to HTML-Help. <br />
With just a few simple clicks, you get a single compressed HTML-Helpfile, complete with: Table of Contents, Index, and Full-Text Searchcapabilities of your captured Web site.<br />
<br />
Webmasters Note: HTML-Help files (CHM) are a great way to makeavailable to your site visitors specific sections of your site, in asingle, easy to download, easy to view format.<br />
<br />
<strong>Zip up the Web</strong><br />
The FAR add-in tool for WebZIP also gives you the option of saving yourcaptured Web content into a single compressed Zip file - a great way toarchive Web sites, or distribute them to friends and coleagues.<br />
<br />
<strong>Save valuable time and money</strong><br />
Save valuable time and money by not having to connect to the Internetto browse the same Web sites over and over again for the sameinformation.<br />
<br />
<strong>Capture only the information you want</strong><br />
WebZIP s powerful Project Editor gives you total control over what andhow much of a Web site is downloaded. It lets you specify the filetypes, depth and scope of retrieval in addition to giving you powerfulURL and location filters and allowing you scheduling your download forany time of the day.<br />
<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Requirements:</strong></span><br />
<br />
Pentium II or better <br />
Internet Explorer 5 or above <br />
64MB RAM <br />
10MB hard disk space <br />
<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Limitations:</strong></span><br />
<br />
15 day trial</p></p></p>
