---
layout: downloadpage
permalink: /downloads/Maxthon-2,0,3,4643---1,6,2,60/
name: Maxthon 2.0.3.4643 / 1.6.2.60
file_type: download
title: Maxthon 2.0.3.4643 / 1.6.2.60
description: >-
  Maxthon is a free IE based browser that uses very little resources with less plug-ins
tags: [Browsers]
category: Internet
sort_order: 100
rating: 100
changefreq: monthly
priority: 0.5
published: false
create_date: 
modified_date: 03/11/2017
created_by: 
modified_by: 
comments: true
redirect_url: 
### 
version:  1.6.2.60
size: 2.40 MB
downloadurl: http://maxthon.cachefly.net/mx_2.0.3.4643.exe
response: 404
by: 
by_link: 
license: Freeware
os: Windows
---

{% include download-header.html download=page%}

<p style="fix-download-text !important">
<p><font size="2"><p>MaxthonCombo (Formerly MyIE2) is a powerful multi-page browser based on the IEcore (IE5.x or IE 6.0 required). It can open multiple web pages in justone window. <br />
<br />
Maxthon Combo is a web browser that helps you to navigate over the internet.<br />
<br />
And it only takes a little system resource when surfing with a greatlyintegrated user interface. It also supports special Plug-Ins &amp;. IEExtensions to let you have an enjoyable surfing experience.<br />
<br />
<strong>This "COMBO" version includes:</strong><br />
<br />
Plugins: FlashSave, ViewSource, EnableRightClick, TextHighlighter, Up a Directory, Weather.<br />
Skins: Default, AquaFusion, Mozilla_2, Safari, TCPort, X_Phoenity.<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Here are some key features of "Maxthon Combo":</strong></span><br />
<br />
<font color="#ff4500"><u><strong>Easy Surfing</strong></u></font><br />
<br />
<strong>Tabbed Browsing</strong><br />
All the web pages are arranged as tabs inside main window to ease your navigation. <br />
<strong>Quick Search</strong><br />
Type the keywords in Address Bar then press Enter to perform a search. Or simply drag &amp;. drop a keyword with your mouse. <br />
<strong>Super Drag&amp;.Drop</strong><br />
Drag &amp;. drop links, text, images in the web page to open, search and save them. <br />
<strong>Mouse Gestures</strong><br />
Hold right mouse button and perform the gestures to access common features. <br />
<strong>Ad Hunter</strong><br />
Block popup ads, image banners and Flash ads. You can add items into black list by right clicking them. <br />
<strong>Undo List</strong><br />
Closed a tab by mistake? There is always a chance to get them back with the Undo List. <br />
<strong>Maxthon Smart Acceleration</strong><br />
Boost the speed of your frequent visit website. <br />
<strong>Feed Reader</strong><br />
Subscribe to Feeds with the built-in Feed Reader. <br />
<br />
<font color="#ff4500"><strong><u>Fully Customizable</u></strong></font><br />
<br />
<strong>Plugins</strong><br />
Add more features into Maxthon Browser with plugins. You can even make some to share with your friends. <br />
<strong>Utilities</strong><br />
Add shortcuts of programs into Maxthon Browser. <br />
<strong>Skins</strong><br />
Change the look of your Maxthon Browser to make it different with Skins, or create one by yourself. <br />
<strong>Multi-language Support</strong><br />
Let Maxthon speaks your own language. <br />
<br />
<font color="#ff4500"><u><strong>Secure Browsing</strong></u></font><br />
<br />
<strong>Clean Private Data</strong><br />
You can erase all your browsing information easily. And you can even have them cleaned automatically on exit. <br />
<strong>Maxthon Security Update</strong><br />
Maxthon Security Updates reduce the risk of certain unpatched Internet Explorer vulnerabilities. <br />
<br />
<font color="#ff4500"><u><strong>More Features</strong></u></font><br />
<br />
<strong>Favorites Bar</strong><br />
Replace the old school Links Bar with this powerful and easy to access Favorites Bar <br />
<strong>Web Services On The Go</strong><br />
Quick access to URL-based web services via the menu of Go button <br />
<strong>URL Alias</strong><br />
Navigate to your favorite website by simply typing the URL Alias into the Address Bar <br />
<strong>URL Auto-Completion</strong><br />
Use key combinations to auto type "http://www." and ".com" for the URL <br />
<strong>Simple Collector</strong><br />
Grab and save your favorite text &amp;. images while browsing <br />
<strong>Boss Key</strong><br />
Hide Maxthon window with a shortcut <br />
<strong>Full IE compatibility </strong><br />
<br />
<span><strong>Requirements:</strong></span><br />
<br />
<strong>Minimum Requirements </strong><br />
200MHz CPU<br />
128MB RAM<br />
4MB Free Hard Disk Space<br />
Microsoft Windows 98<br />
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0 <br />
<br />
<strong>Recommended System Configuration </strong><br />
800MHz CPU<br />
512MB RAM<br />
64MB Free Hard Disk Space<br />
Microsoft 2000/XP/2003 or Above<br />
Microsoft Internet Explorer 7.0 or Above <br />
</p>
<div class="celltext_big"><br />
<br />
<strong>What s New</strong> in This Release:<br />
<br />
New Security Guardian<br />
New Screen Capture <br />
Added Clean Feed History and Search History in Clean Browser History<br />
Use Enter key to open the Favorites item wich has the focus<br />
Close Resume List tab when all links in Resume List are clicked (The "Auto Close" option must be checked) <br />
Delete Search History in History page<br />
Enter in Address Bar will not open new tab if the url hasn t changed<br />
Added site range selection in Block Page Content<br />
Click on Links will have no effect while in Block Page Content mode<br />
Automatically upload modified Favorites when exit<br />
Re-organized Right-click menu on Favorites <br />
Resume List lost when program crash<br />
Super Drag&amp;.Drop can not download file problem on some websites<br />
Several issues that might cause crash<br />
Blank images not remove with Ad Hunter<br />
Issues that prevent set Maxthon as default browser (including issues on Windows Vista)<br />
Referer error with Flashget while multi-thread tab is on<br />
Not show start page when opened by external call<br />
Improved download method of Favicons<br />
File Sniffer won t sniff WMA format<br />
Issues that occur with invalid file format settings<br />
Issues that affect website filtre range<br />
"Dont remind me for 1 week" won t work in Update Notification dialog<br />
Crash when delete blank website item in Content Filter black list. (40503)<br />
"Check Links" in Favorites sidebar might cause all links in sidebar disappear (39870)<br />
Initialization failure when start Maxthon with invalid URLs (39988)<br />
Click Cancel in Screen Capture Options might cause capture page fail (13735)<br />
Clean Profile Data flaw in Login dialog (13837)<br />
Can not select buttons in Add/Remove Button menu on Single-line Favorites Bar, and Hot Items name is aa (13940)<br />
Press Esc key in Ad Hunter &gt;. Edit Filter List dialog causes dialog turns gray (14049)<br />
Redirect in current page might cause Address Bar refresh (16748)<br />
Strange behavior of the Close button of Check Updates dialog (28422)<br />
Resize Check Updates dialog cause strange lines (30438)<br />
Maximum Open Tabs number is not correct (18111)<br />
Favicons display problem in several circumstance (16858)<br />
Display problem after selecting search engine (28408)<br />
Delete selected Proxy might cause display error on Proxy status (19516)<br />
Edit Content Filter Black List &amp;. White list will only save displayed one<br />
Repeat "Capture Current Page" might cause file name error (26873)<br />
Clean Browser History in Safety Menu can not clean Feed history (26286)<br />
Issues when operate Favorites bar with keyboard (6401)<br />
Fixed a bug when overwrite Favorites (39023)<br />
Super Drag&amp;.Drop might cause Open Favorites Items in Background fail when Activate New Tab is checked (13946)<br />
Combobox is not resizable in "Lock Toolbar" mode * Can not use Ctrl+Arraw to change tabs... [</div></p></p>
