---
layout: downloadpage
permalink: /downloads/PKZIP-9,00,0010/
name: PKZIP 9.00.0010
file_type: download
title: PKZIP 9.00.0010
description: >-
  PKZIP - Compress and extract files of multiple formats. Compress data files to save on bandwidth and
tags: [null]
category: Compression tools
sort_order: 100
rating: 100
changefreq: monthly
priority: 0.5
published: false
create_date:
modified_date: 03/11/2017
created_by:
modified_by:
comments: true
redirect_url:
###
version:  9.00.0010
size: 8.09 MB
downloadurl: http://download.pkzip.com/pub/pkware/products/win/pkz90010.exe
response: 301
by:
by_link:
license: Trial
os: Windows
---

{% include download-header.html download=page%}

<p style="fix-download-text !important">
<p><font size="2"><p>Why would you entrust your data to anything less? PKWARE, theoriginator of the ZIP file standard, delivers data compression that isso easy anyone can use it, yet powerful enough to meet the demands ofeven the toughest businesses. Transfer and store more data moreefficiently and securely with the ZIP utility of choice.<br />
<br />
PKZIP will compress and extract files of multiple formats.<br />
<br />
With advanced usability and cross-platform compatibility, it helps your business transfer data</a> more quickly and efficiently. <br />
<br />
Easy to use and straightforward to deploy and control, it helps you optimize your computing resources without disruption.<br />
<br />
ZIP compresses files up to 90 percent for more efficient data management on the desktop, server</a>, and mainframe.<br />
<br />
<span class="articleDetailsLink"><strong>Features:</strong></span><br />
<br />
Powerful Enterprise Solutions - Large organizations need solutionsthat are flexible yet easy to control. PKZIP interoperates acrossplatforms. And centralized administrative control enables theenforcement of consistent compression practices. <br />
Industry-Leading Data Compression - PKZIP providesindustrial-strength compression—.up to 95 percent—.and includes advancedfeatures such as support for unlimited file size, easy rezip, andone-click zip-in-place. <br />
Password-Based Strong Security - Because businesses often exchangehigh-value or sensitive information online, PKZIP offers password-basedstrong security (including AES 256-bit) that protects data in transitand in storage. <br />
Automatic Virus Scan - Integration with industry leading virus scansoftware enables automatic checking of any file extracted from a ZIParchive <br />
Incredibly Easy - Email</a> integration and advances in usability make zipping files from email or on the desktop a single-click operation.<br />
Powerful Command Line Interface <br />
Desktop power users can easily integrate industry leading compression into scripted processes.<br />
<br />
<br />
<br />
<span><strong>Limitations:</strong></span><br />
<br />
30 days trial</p></p></p>
